welcome to slash forward
in this episode we're going to work on
conning our way into some inheritance
money with the amazing mr x
if you get off on double crossing double
crossers you should subscribe to the
channel
let's get to it we open at an opulent
residence on a cliff
overlooking the ocean chris confides in
her sister janet that she hears a man
calling to her from the water she takes
it to be paul her beloved scumbag
husband who's been dead for two years
even now she remains enthralled by
memories of his chaotic energy
despite this she continues preparing for
her date with reliable consistent martin
when she learns he's running late she
decides to take a beach walk to his
house
but along the way she again hears the
unmistakable sound of a creepster
calling her name
and she runs into alexis he identifies
himself as a psychic
does a bit of a cold reading suggests
she marry martin and then vanishes
thrown a bit by this they decide to stay
in where martin spends the night trying
to convince chris to forget about stupid
old dead paul
and she finally submits to his
engagement desires that night the ocean
again summons her and she's confronted
by the ghostly apparition of her wedding
dress
janet runs in to find her babbling
nonsense so she puts her back to bed the
next day chris still desires answers and
is compelled to visit alexis for a
consultation
he plays coy at first but chris is
determined to examine the supernatural
side of her life and she goes at it
so hard that janet tattles on her to
martin the two of them hire a magician
turned investigator to look into it he
has a file on someone who he thinks may
be alexis
all they need to do is confirm his
identity janet goes in to present
herself as a customer
and we see some of his backstage
shenanigans of course he's so good he
doesn't use the information directly but
rather predicts her insecurities and the
deepest desires of her true identity
playing her so soundly that she emerges
in a daze
so sure of his innocence that she
doesn't even bother to preserve his
fingerprints
afterward we learn that he has
additional sources of info as their
housekeeper is also in his employ
later janet gets uppity about the
unappreciated value and maturity of her
advice
and admits she's been seeing alexis and
they've been discussing chris's problems
the ladies race off to have it out but
he adeptly redirects their catfight
energy into a seance
he is imagineered a 4d experience to
tantalize the senses
but the boys run in to spoil the fun
they put him to the test requesting he
pushed through the fatigue and seance
again with them present
he makes no promises but manages a full
torso apparition as paul reveals his
silhouette to them
and then after the guests are gone more
directly to alexis
we find out paul is only legally dead
and he's trying to get his hands on some
of chris's giant bags of money
he enlists alexis help compelling him
under threat of murder to seduce janet
while he works on driving chris and sane
so they can collect the inheritance
via janet as they work their grift
alexis loses his nerve after seeing paul
intends to draw christine straight off a
cliff
and then even as she convalesces paul is
in the basement
constantly pumping creepy noises up to
her bedroom filling her brain with
madness then he makes the mistake of
starting up while janet is in the room
and she sees the trick right away
when she confronts the men in the
basement alex ends up taking a gut shot
paul pursues janet to the bedroom but is
called back by alexis who puts on his
greatest performance
confounding paul's murderous intentions
and causing him to empty his gun
making him an easy target for the police
who use his body to store their bullets
janathan says her final goodbye to
alexis as his bird is freed
representing the ascension of his soul
the amazing mr x was a pleasant and
well-crafted entry into the series
it had some really good camera effects
and presented the multiple sides of
alexis's khan in an interesting way
i would have liked to have seen some
cardistry woven into the street magic
aspects of the film if you enjoyed the
video i'd love for you become a part of
the channel by subscribing
thanks for watching